fix(lb): corrections and updates to lb doc (#387)
scaleway/docs-content: network/load-balancer/how-to/create-load-balancer.mdx

  posted: 2021-05-26
---

> [Load Balancers](https://www.scaleway.com/en/load-balancer/) are highly available and fully-managed Instances which allow you to distribute your workload across your various servers. They ensure the scaling of all your applications while securing their continuous availability, even in the event of heavy traffic. Load Balancers are commonly used to improve the performance and reliability of web sites, applications, databases and other services. When creating a Load Balancer, you will configure a **frontend** which receives requests from clients, and a **backend** which receives the requests from the frontend and distributes them between one or several servers. Later, you can add additional frontends and backends to your Load Balancer if you wish.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Load Balancers](https://www.scaleway.com/en/load-balancer/) are highly available and fully-managed Instances which allow you to distribute your workload across your various servers. They ensure the scaling of all your applications while securing their continuous availability, even in the event of heavy traffic. Load Balancers are commonly used to improve the performance and reliability of websites, applications, databases, and other services. When creating a Load Balancer, you will configure a **frontend** which receives requests from clients, and a **backend** which receives the requests from the frontend and distributes them between one or several servers. Later, you can add additional frontends and backends to your Load Balancer if you wish.
```

      - `WAW`: Warsaw, Poland.
      <Lightbox src="assets/scaleway-lb-az.png" />
    - Select a Load Balancer **type**.
    - Select an **IP address** for your Load Balancer. You can either allocate a new IP, or select one of your existing IPs.
    - Configure the frontend and backend.

>       - **Configure frontend**. Enter a name an a port for your [frontend](/network/load-balancer/concepts/#frontends). The frontend will listen on this port, and forward received requests to the backend(s). Note that you cannot add an SSL certificate at this stage, but you can [add one after creation of the Load Balancer](/network/load-balancer/how-to/setup-ssl-offloading/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - **Configure frontend**. Enter a name an a port for your [frontend](/network/load-balancer/concepts/#frontends). The frontend will listen on this port, and forward received requests to the backend(s). Note that you cannot add an SSL certificate at this stage, but you can [add one after the creation of the Load Balancer](/network/load-balancer/how-to/setup-ssl-offloading/).
```
